Let's put what you've learned about encryption to the test practically.
If I would like to send you a letter that absolutely no
one but you needs to see and it must travel publicly,
for instance courier or post office, how could we do it?
Here are the materials we have on hand.
We have the letter,
a small box with a loop,
think tiny pirate chest,
and we each have a lock.
Step 1, I put the letter in the box and put my lock on it.
Only I have the key.
I send you the box.
You receive the box,
but you can't open it because my lock is on there.
However, you add your lock,
which only you have the key to and send the box back to me.
I receive the box,
I can't open it because your lock is on there.
But I can remove my lock and send it back to you.
You receive the box,
remove your lock and read the letter.
If you would like to respond,
you just reverse the steps.